Add custom Genesis config and update documentation (#7)
F3Joule/subsocial-v2: README.md

> # SubSocial Full Node by [DappForce](https://github.com/dappforce)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Subsocial Full Node by [DappForce](https://github.com/dappforce)
```

> SubSocial is a set of Substrate runtime libraries (called FRAME) with UI that would allow anyone to launch their own decentralized censorship-resistant social network aka community. We are planning to follow a topology of Polkadot Network where every community will be running on its own Substrate chain and all these decentralized communities will be connected to our own Polkadot relay. This social networking relay could be connected to the official Polkadot Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subsocial is a set of Substrate pallets with web UI that allows anyone to launch their own decentralized censorship-resistant social network aka community. Every community can be a separate Substrate chain and connect with other communities via a Polkadot-based relay chain.
```

> You can think of this as decentralized versions of Reddit, Stack Exchange or Medium, where subreddits or communities of Stack Exchange or blogs on Medium run on their own chain. At the same time, users of these decentralized communities should be able to transfer or share their reputation, coins and other values from one community to another via Polkadot relay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can think of this as decentralized versions of Reddit, Stack Exchange or Medium, where subreddits or communities of Stack Exchange or blogs on Medium run on their own chain. At the same time, users of these decentralized communities should be able to share their reputation or transfer coins and other values from one community to another via Polkadot relay chain.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To learn more about Subsocial, please visit [Subsocial Network](http://subsocial.network).

## Supported by Web3 Foundation

<img src="https://github.com/dappforce/dappforce-subsocial/blob/master/w3f-badge.svg" width="100%" height="200" alt="Web3 Foundation grants badge" />

Subsocial is a recipient of the technical grant from Web3 Foundation. We have successfully delivered all three milestones described in Subsocial's grant application. [Official announcement](https://medium.com/web3foundation/web3-foundation-grants-wave-3-recipients-6426e77f1230).

```

## Building from source

> ### Initial setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Requirements
```

> If you want to build from source you will need the Rust [toolchain](https://rustup.rs/), openssl and llvm/libclang:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build Subsocial node from source, you need the next tools installed: Rust [toolchain](https://rustup.rs/), openssl and llvm/libclang:
```

```bash
curl https://sh.rustup.rs -sSf | sh
sudo apt install make clang pkg-config libssl-dev
rustup update
```

> Then, you should have cloned Subsocial Substrate repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then clone this repository:
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/dappforce/dappforce-subsocial-node
```

> ### Building

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build
```

Initialise the WASM build environment:
```bash
cd dappforce-subsocial-node/
./scripts/init.sh
```

Build the node (native code):
```bash
cargo build --release
```

> ### Running a public node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run as a public node
```

> [!] Experimental and may not work. Better run [with Docker](#connect-to-our-network-with-docker)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[!] Experimental and may not work. Better [run with Docker](#connect-to-our-network-with-docker)
```

> Run the node and connect to the public Subsocial Testnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run as an archive node and connect to the public [Subsocial Testnet](http://testnet.subsocial.network/).
```

```bash
./target/release/subsocial-node --name "Node Name" --pruning archive --bootnodes /ip4/167.172.104.62/tcp/30333/p2p/QmfHoYER3gPchRvHSTzyFZ9hhvQG3oP9jgcQEbfbm2x9LR /ip4/167.172.104.62/tcp/30334/p2p/QmVcp8pBKtKcwWmWcrARZcdLxW9E1EzfU9JwvgiSKu4How
```

> ### Installing a release build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Install a release build
```

> This will install the executable `subsocial-node` to your `~/.cargo/bin` folder, which you would normally have in your `$PATH` environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will install an executable `subsocial-node` to your `~/.cargo/bin` folder, which you would normally have in your `$PATH` environment.
```

```bash
cargo install --path ./
```

> Now you can run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are ready to run the node:
```

```bash
subsocial-node
```

> ## Building from Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build with Docker
```

> ### Easiest start

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Easiest way
```

> To start local Subsocial Node (you should have docker-compose):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a local Subsocial node (you should have `docker-compose` installed):
```

```
cd docker/
docker-compose up -d
```

> ### Start with your own  parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start with custom parameters
```

```
docker run -p 9944:9944 dappforce/subsocial-node:latest ./subsocial-node [flags] [options]
```

> * Don't forget `--ws-external` flag, if you want your node to be visible no only within the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Don't forget `--ws-external` flag, if you want your node to be visible outside of the docker container.
```

### Connect to our network with Docker

> If you're interested in launching your Node that will be connected to Subsocial Testnet, you should run the next command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're interested in launching your node and connect to [Subsocial Testnet](http://testnet.subsocial.network/), you should run the next command:
```

```
docker run -p 30333:30333 -p 9933:9933 -v <YourPath>:/data dappforce/subsocial-node:df-v2 ./subsocial-node -d /data --name <NodeName> --pruning archive --bootnodes /ip4/167.172.104.62/tcp/30333/p2p/QmfHoYER3gPchRvHSTzyFZ9hhvQG3oP9jgcQEbfbm2x9LR /ip4/167.172.104.62/tcp/30334/p2p/QmVcp8pBKtKcwWmWcrARZcdLxW9E1EzfU9JwvgiSKu4How
```

> , where:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
where:
```

`<YourPath>` - should be replaced with a full path, where node's data will be stored;

> `<NodeName>` - node's name you wish to be shown on a [telemetry](https://telemetry.polkadot.io/#list/Subsocial%20Barracuda%20Testnet) webpage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<NodeName>` - node's name you wish to be shown on [Telemetry](https://telemetry.polkadot.io/#list/Subsocial%20Barracuda%20Testnet).
```

> Be patient, current active bootnodes' URIs are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be patient, the current active bootnodes' URIs are:
```

- Alice: `/ip4/167.172.104.62/tcp/30333/p2p/QmfHoYER3gPchRvHSTzyFZ9hhvQG3oP9jgcQEbfbm2x9LR`
- Bob: `/ip4/167.172.104.62/tcp/30334/p2p/QmVcp8pBKtKcwWmWcrARZcdLxW9E1EzfU9JwvgiSKu4How`

> ### Build your own image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Build your own Docker image
```

> If you want to build docker image from your local repository (it takes a while...), run the following command from the root of the repository:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to build a docker image from your local repository (it will take some time...), run the following command from the root of your repository:
```

```
docker build -f docker/Dockerfile <YourName>/subsocial-node:latest .
```
, where:

> - `<YourName>` - your username on hub.docker.com or any other you wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `<YourName>` - your username on [hub.docker.com](https://hub.docker.com) or any other username of your choice.
```

> ### Start all parts of Subsocial at once with [Subsocial-Starter](https://github.com/dappforce/dappforce-subsocial-starter)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Start all parts of Subsocial at once with [Subsocial Starter](https://github.com/dappforce/dappforce-subsocial-starter)
```

## Development

> ### Running a local development node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run a local node in development mode
```

```bash
./target/release/subsocial-node --dev
```

> ### Cleaning development chain data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Clean a development chain data
```
